RHDEVDOCS-4303 - Added release notes for 1.4.11 and 1.5.5 (#48782)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-4-11.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * gitops/gitops-release-notes.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-4-11_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.4.11

{gitops-title} 1.4.11 is now available on {product-title} 4.8, 4.9, and 4.10.

[id="new-features-1-4-11_{context}"]
== New features

The current release adds the following improvements:

* With this update, the bundled Argo CD has been updated to version 2.2.12.

[id="fixed-issues-1-4-11_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

The following issues have been resolved in the current release:

> * Before this update, the `redis-ha-haproxy` pods of an ArgoCD instance failed when more restrictive SCC's were in place in the cluster. This update fixes the issue by updating the security context in workloads. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2034[GITOPS-2034]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the `redis-ha-haproxy` pods of an ArgoCD instance failed when more restrictive SCCs were in the cluster. This update fixes the issue by updating the security context in workloads. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2034[GITOPS-2034]
```
